What he said is true
But I'm curious
How do you know these things?
Humph
You thought you were the only one who could reverse time and space
To tell you the truth
Ferris will kill him soon
It could wipe you out in the snap of a finger.
Not to mention
You decapitate and respawn consume a lot of stacks
It's just an empty shell now
Hahahaha
Good one, please, Jun Rumeng.
So this is the game you set up?
Wrong.
Not us.
I was alone.
Thank goodness for giving me an armpit once
The opportunity for unification
It's been ten days soon
you
You people will be trampled under my feet
later
The whole thing belongs to me
A human heart is worse than a snake swallowing an elephant
Is there really a demon lord in the world?
Isn't that a story from myths and legends?
In the Three Realms of He Dongfang
That's weird
You can understand it as not being in the same plane
So you can't see it at all
All monarchs or emperors get married
Now you're done.
You are really courting death
Even if you were the late emperor
So what?
The demon lord is now chasing the door to lock your life
die at one point
The Demon Lord is just a defeated general under me
If he doesn't come, he will come if he dares
I will also kill it.